                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2022)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A:
Quan Luo
 
B:
Zhongrui Cao
 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

                            A 	        B
meetings                    1		    1
coding                      10		    6
writeup                     2           6
planning (alone)            2           2
total (including meetings)  15          15


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
A: Implement packing & kernels & coding algorithms.
B: Parameter tuning, python scripts for graphing, optimization.
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
Yes
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
A: Strength - coding. Weakness - understanding ARM intrinsics.
B: Strength - coding. Weakness - understanding algorithm, ARM intrinsics.
We discuss several times and decide what's the next step. Use git to collaborate. Development on personal branch and pull request.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
A: ARM Architecture & SVE SIMD Instructions.
B: Architecture, and how code performance heavily depend on it.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
A: We can meet more and discuss more.
B: We could meet in person more and work together more.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
A: Nothing else.
B: Good stuff.
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
A: If there's a programmable cache for us to explicitly move data into it, the assignment would be better.
B: more instructions on optimization
